Manifest updates for extensions (#8517)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md

## defaultInstallScope

> **Optional**—string

Reviewer: `Suggestion: 
Please make the punctuation consistent throughout the article. There are two different conventions updated in the article.

Reviewer: Updated.

    |`MicrophoneStream.Read.User`| Allows the app to read user's microphone stream.|
    |`MeetingParticipantReaction.Read.User`| Allows the app to read user's reactions while participating in a meeting.|

## extensions

**Optional** - array

> The set of extensions for this app. Used to specify Outlook add-ins for Teams apps that are extended across Microsoft 365, when the app is used in Outlook.

Reviewer 2: How about: 

The set of extensions for this app. Used to specify Outlook Add-ins within a unified manifest for simplified distribution and acquisition within the Microsoft 365 ecosystem.

Author: Updated in next commit

> The set of extensions for this app. Used to specify Outlook Add-ins within a unified manifest for simplified distribution and acquisition within the Microsoft 365 ecosystem.

Reviewer: Could you please elaborate as the following sentence is not clear to understand:

The set of extensions for this app.

Author: Made an improvement that will be in next commit.

> [!NOTE]
> Only one extension per app is supported.

|Name| Type| Maximum size | Required | Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|`requirements.capabilities`| array | | | Identifies the requirement sets that the add-in needs to be installable. Each object in the array is made up of three strings `name` (required), `minVersion`, and `maxVersion`. |
|`requirements.scopes`| array | 1 | | Identifies the Office applications, by enum, in which the add-in can be installed. The only supported enum value is `mail`. |

> |`requirements.formFactors`| array | | | Identifies the form factor(s), by enum `mobile` and/or `desktop`, in which the add-in can be installed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`requirements.formFactors`| array | | | Identifies the form factors, by enum `mobile` and `desktop`, in which the add-in can be installed. |
```

|`runtimes`| array | | | Configures various kinds of add-ins that have little or no UI, such as custom function-only add-ins and [function commands](/office/dev/add-ins/design/add-in-commands). |
|`ribbons`| array | | | The ribbons that the add-in customizes. This property is an array of objects that combine the child properties `requirements`, `contexts`, and `tabs`. `Contexts` specify the command surfaces that the add-in customizes, while the `tabs` property configures custom ribbon tabs. |
|`autoRunEvents`| array | | | Configures an event handler for a specified event. |
|`alternates`| array | | | Specifies backwards compatibility with an equivalent COM add-in, XLL, or both. For more information, see the [EquivalentAddins - See also](/javascript/api/manifest/equivalentaddins) for background information. |
|`audienceClaimUrl`| string | 2048 | | The url for your extension, used to validate Exchange user identity tokens. |

For additional details, see the [extension property](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/json-manifest-overview) in the Office Add-ins manifest documentation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [extension property](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/json-manifest-overview) in the Office Add-ins manifest documentation.
```
